
### Installation de rust 

curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://sh.rustup.rs | sh
info: downloading installer

Welcome to Rust!

This will download and install the official compiler for the Rust
programming language, and its package manager, Cargo.

Rustup metadata and toolchains will be installed into the Rustup
home directory, located at:

  /home/pi/.rustup

This can be modified with the RUSTUP_HOME environment variable.

The Cargo home directory located at:

  /home/pi/.cargo

This can be modified with the CARGO_HOME environment variable.

The cargo, rustc, rustup and other commands will be added to
Cargo's bin directory, located at:

  /home/pi/.cargo/bin
This path will then be added to your PATH environment variable by
modifying the profile files located at:

  /home/pi/.profile
  /home/pi/.bashrc

You can uninstall at any time with rustup self uninstall and
these changes will be reverted.

Current installation options:


   default host triple: armv7-unknown-linux-gnueabihf
     default toolchain: stable (default)
               profile: default
  modify PATH variable: yes

1) Proceed with installation (default)
2) Customize installation
3) Cancel installation
>1

info: profile set to 'default'
info: default host triple is armv7-unknown-linux-gnueabihf
info: syncing channel updates for 'stable-armv7-unknown-linux-gnueabihf'
info: latest update on 2020-11-19, rust version 1.48.0 (7eac88abb 2020-11-16)
info: downloading component 'cargo'
info: downloading component 'clippy'
info: downloading component 'rust-std'
info: downloading component 'rustc'
 66.8 MiB /  66.8 MiB (100 %)  36.6 MiB/s in  8s ETA:  0s
info: downloading component 'rustfmt'
info: installing component 'cargo'
info: using up to 500.0 MiB of RAM to unpack components
info: installing component 'clippy'
info: installing component 'rust-std'
 18.2 MiB /  18.2 MiB (100 %)   4.5 MiB/s in  4s ETA:  0s
  4 IO-ops /   4 IO-ops (100 %)   0 IOPS in  8s ETA: Unknown
info: installing component 'rustc'
 66.8 MiB /  66.8 MiB (100 %)   4.6 MiB/s in 17s ETA:  0s
  9 IO-ops /   9 IO-ops (100 %)   1 IOPS in  9s ETA:  0s    
info: installing component 'rustfmt'
info: default toolchain set to 'stable-armv7-unknown-linux-gnueabihf'

  stable-armv7-unknown-linux-gnueabihf installed - rustc 1.48.0 (7eac88abb 2020-11-16)


Rust is installed now. Great!

To get started you need Cargo's bin directory ($HOME/.cargo/bin) in your PATH
environment variable. Next time you log in this will be done
automatically.

To configure your current shell, run:
source $HOME/.cargo/env

